build(ci/gha): buildkit container logs (#16135)
docker/docs: build/ci/github-actions/configure-builder.md

This page contains instructions on configuring your BuildKit instances when
using our [Setup Buildx Action](https://github.com/docker/setup-buildx-action){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_" }.

## BuildKit container logs

> 
> To display BuildKit container logs (when `docker-container` driver is used) you
> have to [enable step debug logging](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/monitoring-and-troubleshooting-workflows/enabling-debug-logging#enabling-step-debug-logging){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_" },
> or you can also set the `--debug` buildkitd flag:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To display BuildKit container logs when using the `docker-container` driver, you
must either [enable step debug logging](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/monitoring-and-troubleshooting-workflows/enabling-debug-logging#enabling-step-debug-logging){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_" },
or set the `--debug` buildkitd flag in the [Docker Setup Buildx](https://github.com/marketplace/actions/docker-setup-buildx){: target="_blank" rel="noopener" class="_" } action:
```
